article marketing and how I got started
with that that's kind of what we're
going to cover right now when I first
started article marketing I didn't have
any idea how to build a website or
anything like that initially i read an
e-book actually telling me how i could
sign up a certain article publishing
sites that accept my writing and pay me
for it it's not a glamorous job and i
can tell you right now it's actually
boring and just to write work for
somebody else that's going to use it for
years and years and years it's actually
with quite it's quite a tedious job but
nonetheless yes you can make some money
at it and i probably made more than
ninety percent of people are writing
online when i was doing it and i was
doing it for three or four hours a night
seven days a week and when i was i was
working with the company called MP am
whose owners named michael russell he's
an e-zine articles expert author of
course that's pretty easy to achieve
these days but I mean he's he's got a
ton of articles submitted I also wrote
for associated content and SS w ug org
now is the company's i wrote for i hired
myself out on freelance sites such as
elance and throughout the warrior forum
as well and i didn't really care to do
article packs mainly because of the time
factor and working two jobs i could not
could not make some of the requirements
that or they would run over or something
like that so basically i try to work at
my own pace and submit cease publishing
sites that allowed me to choose the
topics to write over getting started how
did i write the articles basically i
typed the keywords that they wanted over
the subjects and I type them into Google
and then I got to where I would actually
just go to design articles and type two
keywords in there and find an article I
would just find something that's already
been written and you
rewrite that in my head or quickly put
something together not everybody's as
quick as that and that everybody's
thought process can change change what
they see on the computer into something
in their own head and type it out so I
realized that's another factor you'll
have to deal with is how fast you can do
that but it's basically how I got
started nothing special I didn't use any
software I didn't use any ppl our stuff
no I just looked at an article and
rewrote it in my head and I got to where
I was putting three or four out an hour
doing that so I mean once you do it a
few times and you just getting a routine
you'll just get quicker and quicker and
quicker you you probably start off like
that because it's just not going to
happen it takes a little thought process
to look at the keywords and then redo in
your head but you can get pretty good at
it you can submit to sites these days I
don't do that anymore so I'm not really
up to date on what's acceptable and
what's not whether or not these sites
are still online is something I'm
looking at right now to put together a
list so you can use to summit seaside
sign up with them and maybe make some
extra money submitting articles yes you
can't make some article I make some
money writing articles how much is
really going to depend on how fast you
adapt to writing interpreting what they
want you to write into your own words
and whether or not your grammar is going
to be acceptable if it's not they'll
usually send you a note to fix it but
you could definitely pay off a house
payment a car payment and some extra
stuff each month just putting in an hour
to hour night so I'm going to put that
list together for you guys in the form
and you can check it out and see what's
up for yourself